README.md, before:

# Udemy - Game Development with Phaser.js
## [Udemy Course: Game Development in JS/TS - The Complete Guide (w/ Phaser 3) by Filip Jerga](https://www.udemy.com/course/game-development-in-js-the-complete-guide-w-phaser-3/)
### Master game dev with Javascript/Typescript and Phaser 3. Create popular browser games from scratch. Publish on Facebook.

### Course Content
* Flappy Bird Clone
  - Initialized Phaser Game and implemented coursework to understand the fundamentals of the Phaser framework
  - Learned about the physics in Phaser and how to recycle game objects
  - Developed navigation through multiple scenes for better user experience

### Play it on itch.io
* Flappy Bird Clone: https://shirokuma-cafe.itch.io/flappy-bird-clone
 
### Or run it locally

* Prerequisites
  - Node.js and npm installed.

#### Installation

1. **Clone the repository**:  
```sh
git clone https://github.com/shirokuma-cafe/udemy-phaser.git
```
2. **Navigate into the project directory**:
```sh
cd udemy-phaser
cd [any project directory]
```

3. **Install project dependencies**:  
```sh
npm install
```

#### Run the Application
- Start the app in development mode:  
```sh
npm run dev
```  
Visit `http://localhost:8080/` to play the game.

Commit message:

Update README.md with Dino Game Clone description and itch.io link

README.md, after:

# Udemy - Game Development with Phaser.js
## [Udemy Course: Game Development in JS/TS - The Complete Guide (w/ Phaser 3) by Filip Jerga](https://www.udemy.com/course/game-development-in-js-the-complete-guide-w-phaser-3/)
### Master game dev with Javascript/Typescript and Phaser 3. Create popular browser games from scratch. Publish on Facebook.

### Course Content
* Flappy Bird Clone
  - Initialized Phaser Game and implemented coursework to understand the fundamentals of the Phaser framework
  - Learned about the physics in Phaser and how to recycle game objects
  - Developed navigation through multiple scenes for better user experience
* Dino Game Clone
  - Constructed Dino Game from Google Chrome using the Phaser Framework and TypeScript
  - Enabled different animations, textures and audio for specific player actions throughout the gameplay
  - Utilized types in TypeScript for better description of objects and functions, improving overall programming experience

### Play it on itch.io
* Flappy Bird Clone: https://shirokuma-cafe.itch.io/flappy-bird-clone
* Dino Game Clone: https://shirokuma-cafe.itch.io/dino-game-clone
 
### Or run it locally

* Prerequisites
  - Node.js and npm installed.

#### Installation

1. **Clone the repository**:  
```sh
git clone https://github.com/shirokuma-cafe/udemy-phaser.git
```
2. **Navigate into the project directory**:
```sh
cd udemy-phaser
cd [any project directory]
```

3. **Install project dependencies**:  
```sh
npm install
```

#### Run the Application
- Start the app in development mode:  
```sh
npm run dev
```  
Visit `http://localhost:8080/` to play the game.
